Reminder for customers to include LTSS in activation keys (#2235)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/activation-keys.adoc

This helps you align channel assignments, package installation, system group memberships, and configuration channel assignments.
You also need less manual interaction with your system after registration.

.Bootstrapping LTSS clients

> If you are boostrapping clients with LTSS subscription, make sure the LTSS chanells are included in your activation key during its creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are boostrapping clients with LTSS subscription, include the LTSS channels during activation key creation.
```
